she pulled out the saucony
sure
I was so busy fighting i only heard the
explosion he's shouting huge the hands
when I turned around to congratulate him
he and marrow were gone I wonder where
they could have gotten to what are you
gonna do the odds stacked against you
back against the wall got it y'all this
is the final stand
world cup
you gotta play
Oh
today she'll gonna
enough fooling around right now
no worries just a scratch they can't
slow me down
bakugan battle brawlers in one Julie
Prince was hanging up on my practice
alfin guys come from partly roja
make some room in there for me
Oh
hi draw so you decided to run back to
Daddy huh
demi trial
are you waiting for
guess he's still mad then ability
activate
double counter
the first test drive the alternative is
performing very well but still is always
room for improvement I'll do one final
sweep to make sure the analysis is
complete one can never be too careful
when it's striving for perfection I hate
overlooked something that might leave us
exposed counter exactly huh what's this
it looks like an incoming video
it's origin is from beyond this
dimension Oh father huh Mira what are
you doing here listen we have nothing to
talk about huh I disagree ah you again
we've come to make a final appeal father
huh you just don't give up do you father
please you've got to stop this madness
even if I wanted to shut down the
alternative I couldn't you're too late
enough soonly you see Zeno helps plan is
pure evil honking you in good conscience
continue to be a part of it
nice we're getting a bunt data to us
dude we're trying but this thing is just
too powerful huh hey so women kids and
mirrors go the last I saw they were
trying to poke holes in the hall maybe
they found a way in yeah maybe they did
which means we should be able to make
our own hole to be enemies later then
right we can rip those clowns apart from
the inside out actually we just need to
find the power reactor to make it go
boom let's do this guy's
battle gear ability activate
yeah core metal film
ah that was fun
don't think they like that I'll be happy
to take their place go get out of here
yes your dumb guys good luck focus
someone should stay behind and guard the
rear so we don't get boxed in yeah yeah
okay open and I can do that marucho that
cool yep the three of us make an awesome
team oh don't be silly outfit you find
an amazing fight out there and now it's
time we hang back and keep them safe for
the others huh well this is awkward
you